# Public-Financing-through-decentralised-application
I carried out this project under Dr. S. Latha, in my last semester of engineering (2019-23) @SRMIST
Abstract: Blockchain technology can change how people's data is viewed as all transactions are logged with the timing and hash keys, thus making them irreversible. Smart contracts automate the transactions. Thereby, boosting productivity and speeding up processes. This eliminates human involvement in verification process and reduces human caused errors. Transparency and security are crucial in any organization, especially Public Financing platforms. Therefore, a blockchain-based Public Financing web application has been developed to provide a reliable, secure, transparent, and decentralized way of doing the work. The application ensures transparency between donators and fund raiser, allowing donators to stay updated with the progress of the fund raiser's project in which they invested their money. If the project is aborted midway, the money donated will be refunded on immediate basis. A multi-user application is developed for the good functioning. The two types of users are Campaign starter and Campaign donator. Campaign donators can watch upon the project’s completion they funded in and general information about other listed projects and campaign starter can check progress of their project and see relative performance of the campaign too. This blockchain-based Public Financing web application provides an efficient, transparent, and secure platform for fundraising.

Conference: ICIRCA 2023
Publication Link: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10220912
